README.md, before:

### Hi there! 👋🏾

[![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-000?style=flat&logo=Github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/AakashSudhakar)
[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aakashsudhakar/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-c14438?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:aakash.sudhakar@gmail.com)

Welcome to my GitHub page! My name's Aakash, but you can call me _Kash_! 😁

I am an experienced machine learning developer and software engineering professional with career foci in design thinking, rapid prototyping, artificial intelligence, data ethics, and multi-domain collaboration. 

I currently serve as the adjunct professor of data science at Dominican University of California as part of our Applied Computer Science program and work to reshape how data science is codified and taught to humankind. 

I'm always looking for new projects and opportunities to get involved with creatively ambitious institutions, companies, and people – if you're looking for an equally ambitious and creative technologist at the intersection of data and design, let's connect! 🗣

<img align="right" alt="An incredible rendition of me and my puppy Bablu – courtesy of the artist @arideo-art!" src="https://github.com/AakashSudhakar/AakashSudhakar/blob/main/Kash-and-Bablu.gif" width="50%" height="auto" />

#### 🔍 Current Professional Objectives:
- TBD.

#### 🚀 Moonshot Career Goals:
- TBD.

#### 🥊 Personal Interests and Hobbies:
- TBD.

#### 🌟 Interesting People to Follow:
- TBD.

#### 💻 Coding Languages and Competencies:
- TBD.

<sub>Credits to: <br/>[Fernando Roldán](https://github.com/FernandoRoldan93) for the excellent personal README.md starter template!
<br/>[@arideo-art](https://arideo-art.tumblr.com/) for their amazing Lofi-inspired commission of [me and my dog](https://github.com/AakashSudhakar/AakashSudhakar/blob/main/Kash-and-Bablu.gif)!

<!--
TODO: 
- Add coding competencies.
- Add GitHub progression card.
-->

Commit message:

[STYLE] Reorder bulleted sections for priority

README.md, after:

### Hi there! 👋🏾

[![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-000?style=flat&logo=Github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/AakashSudhakar)
[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aakashsudhakar/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-c14438?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:aakash.sudhakar@gmail.com)

Welcome to my GitHub page! My name's Aakash, but you can call me _Kash_! 😁

I am an experienced machine learning developer and software engineering professional with career foci in design thinking, rapid prototyping, artificial intelligence, data ethics, and multi-domain collaboration. 

I currently serve as the adjunct professor of data science at Dominican University of California as part of our Applied Computer Science program and work to reshape how data science is codified and taught to humankind. 

I'm always looking for new projects and opportunities to get involved with creatively ambitious institutions, companies, and people – if you're looking for an equally ambitious and creative technologist at the intersection of data and design, let's connect! 🗣

<img align="right" alt="An incredible rendition of me and my puppy Bablu – courtesy of the artist @arideo-art!" src="https://github.com/AakashSudhakar/AakashSudhakar/blob/main/Kash-and-Bablu.gif" width="50%" height="auto" />

#### 🔍 Current Professional Objectives:
- TBD.

#### 🚀 Moonshot Career Goals:
- TBD.

#### 💻 Coding Languages and Competencies:
- TBD.

#### 🥊 Personal Interests and Hobbies:
- TBD.

#### 🌟 Interesting People to Follow:
- TBD.

<sub>Credits to: <br/>[Fernando Roldán](https://github.com/FernandoRoldan93) for the excellent personal README.md starter template!
<br/>[@arideo-art](https://arideo-art.tumblr.com/) for their amazing Lofi-inspired commission of [me and my dog](https://github.com/AakashSudhakar/AakashSudhakar/blob/main/Kash-and-Bablu.gif)!

<!--
TODO: 
- Populate empty bulleted sections with relevant details/links.
- Add GitHub progression card.
-->
